I mean. it would be amazing. wouldn't it?
If it was possible.
I mean just. I'm talking
five feet off the ground.
you know. just...
[blows raspberries]
Oi. are you listening to me. Naomi?
This is serious.
This idea could change lives.
Please just let me wake
up normally for once.
Oh. she hasn't been
listening to a word. has she?
Selfish girl.
-I have.
-What have I been saying. then?
You've been wondering about whether a man
will ever be able to fart
himself into the air.
Thank you.
I mean. obviously it's not that simple.
We have to modify the bowel. but yes.
I'm talking about a human hovercraft.
I think it is possible.
[poot]
Yeah. I got some lift from
that just from one apple.
[click]
[sighs] Still no bulb.
Oh my god!
I could golf aid to Africa.
Oh dear.
Look who's here!
[strums]
♪ You've got to believe
that a hover man ♪
♪ Can save a child is all ♪
♪ Hop upon my back
little African boy ♪
♪ And we'll hover
to the watering hole ♪
A song. of course.
♪ Up above the
trees we're flying ♪
Dan!
♪ Oh little African
boy it's all right ♪
♪ The little African boy ♪
Hilarious.
♪ is saved by the power ♪
♪ Of my farty flight ♪
♪ Oh. where you going. Naomi? ♪
[Dan] Oh. good. well. this is a first.
I lost my trousers.
Who loses the trousers
they were actually wearing?
How is that even possible?
I'm actually going to
work in a shirt. tie.
and fucking jogging bottoms.
I look like that lad.
Toby. from the supermarket.
Dan.
Oh. here we go.
Tell me how it's weird that
I've only got one pair.
I'm sorry I'm not a trouser tycoon
with a yacht made out of trousers.
Dan. my cab's here.
At some point today.
get a new bulb.
Yes. Do you listen to me?
I've told you.
I've ordered a special
one on the internet.
an environmentally friendly one.
Be patient. it's
coming from Korea.
Dan. just buy one from a shop!
Oh!
Oh. well. I am sorry I
don't hate the planet
as much as you clearly do.
I'll chuck our fridge
in a canal. shall I?
Should we get a
couple of golf clubs
and go off to the Galapagos
and fuck a few puffins up?
Oh my...
You're never going to move
out of this flat. are you?
What's wrong with this flat?
It's attached to your parents' house.
-And?
-And your mum lets herself in
and washes your underpants.
You're a grown man.
Do you want me to wear mucky pants?
Filling. you're just filling time.
Well. not with me you're not.
I'm leaving.
Not leaving leaving?
It's not normal.
I'm sorry.
Goodbye.
Wait!
I'll get a mortgage. we can both leave!
I can get bulbs today.
But I can get trousers!
I'll get...
I'll get trousers.
[upbeat music]
[deep breathing]
It's okay.
I am normal.
[gasp]
[growl]
[shouting]
[growling]
You!
[grunting]
[thud]
[growling]
[slam]
-[growling]
-[shouting]
[crash]
You absolute dick!
Oh. that's nice!
To his own father?
You've broken my bloody car seat!
You have got to stop attacking me.
They're not attacks.
they are expressions of
love for his little boy.
Well. take me fishing!
Teach me how to smoke a pipe!
Don't attack me dressed as a bear!
Having a bad morning.
Has he had a little row?
Well. yes.
It's Naomi.
Does he need a hug from the bear?
-Come and have a hug from the bear...
-No!
Get off!
[shouts]
This is not normal.
This is not!
Normal!
[jaunty music]
[Dan] Oi!
Oi!
I was just coming to see you.
I can't talk now. Dan.
I'm on the wrong heels.
Where are you going?
I've got a new job.
Ah. fuck off.
I have. actually!
I'm doing a business relaunch.
It's my new business.
I help people relaunch
their business.
Get in.
No. I'm going to work.
Please get in.
I need to talk to you.
I'm not dressed for advice.
[exhales]
Are you upset?
Well done. Taggart.
It's Naomi.
Who?
My girlfriend.
Oh. what's her name. that girl?
-Naomi.
-No. the one you were seeing.
Bloody hell. Jo.
you must remember her.
I've been seeing her for six years.
Oh. yeah.
The baldy one.
What?
She's not bald!
She looked pretty bald to me. Daniel.
Sorry.
She's not bald. Jo.
She's left me.
Oh. well. get another?
That simple. yeah?
Or darts.
You see. why do I come to
you for emotional advice?
I may as well have held a
meowing cat up to my balls.
Oh. I see.
Looks like we're gonna
have to sing this one out.
I don't think it'll help this time.
♪ What's love got to do ♪
♪ Got to do with it ♪
Come on!
♪ What's love but a
second hand emotion ♪
♪ I'm your private dancer ♪
♪ A dancer for money ♪
♪ -I'll do what you want me to do
-Who needs a heart ♪
♪ When a heart can... ♪
Oi!
Can I get the five egg omelet?
Wait!
We can sing Chiquitita.
I'm not Chiquitita sad.
Good.
'Cause you'll meet
someone else. Dan.
there's someone for everyone.
Look at me.
You've been single since college.
-Have I?
-Yeah.
I'm late for my new job!
Hang on. I'll give you a lift.
I've got to see my
accountant anyway.
I'm getting a mortgage.
Who's giving you a mortgage?
Who's given you a fucking job?
[playful music]
[car doors shut]
Um. why are you getting out?
-This is where my new job is.
-Eh?
And here's my new boss. now!
-Brian?
-God.
My new boss!
Oh. I see.
I'm not really your boss.
I new you wouldn't have a real job.
I have. tell him. Brian!
I can't cope with both
of you. not this early.
I've had some amazing ideas.
-What for?
-The relaunch.
Mate. I need to speak to you.
-I'm really sad.
-Hang on. relaunch?
Brian. you're the only
one qualified to help me.
You're the only one who
passed his degree and what.
That bald girl dumped him.
Please. don't start saying weird stuff.
Okay. I need to go in.
I'm serious. I need to talk to you.
Last time you said that.
you asked me which one of the Muppets
my wife's vagina most looked like.
I know.
And you said Gonzo.
All purple.
All messy. thick tuft.
-I did not.
-Gonzo's blue.
-Please.
-Is he blue?
Danny!
Mate. it's an emergency.
Your mate needs you.
Brian. you're not gonna regret this.
The rebrand starts right now.
I think I could triple your clients...
We can talk about this when
she's doing your relaunch.
She's not doing a relaunch!
-I am.
-You're not!
You're tidying.
I said I would pay you
to do some tidying.
It's kind of a relaunch. though.
Um.
-Hello?
-Naomi's left me.
I need your help. here.
-What's this?
-My accounts.
I need a mortgage today.
A mortgage. why?
Can I have it by the end of the day?
-Brian. we need to talk colors.
-Colors?
I could sign for it in the pub later.
[Dan] Because if I don't get it today...
-[Jo] Red. green...
-Shut up!
You. get in. get the
vacuum out of the cupboard.
You. give me that.
I'll look at it later.
Well. thanks for the
compassion. Chemical Ali!
[upbeat music]
[school bell ringing]
[rustling]
Right. you've met Barbara.
Oh. yeah.
I think Barbara and I
are on the same page.
Well. the Hoover's in the cupboard.
If you need anything else.
Barbara's got some petty cash.
I'll be in my office.
Right. Barbara.
[slam]
Let's tear this place a new asshole.
Ah. Mr. Davies. you've arrived.
Emma.
You look nice.
You don't.
Are they having a sale
on at Sports Direct?
Yes. well...
There's no easy way to
me saying this. I've...
I've lost my trousers.
And as you'll appreciate.
getting a replacement
is a little difficult when
you're of this height.
Get some new trousers. Dan.
[sighs]
Right. so. work experience visits.
Oh. god.
No. I can't do any.
Why not?
Big drug problem.
You're doing one. you can choose who.
Peter Bell at the
prepacked sandwich factory.
No. I'm allergic to wheat.
Martha Page at Laserquest.
I've been barred.
Jason Morrison at the tailor's.
I hate him.
Olivia Williams at the...
Ah. for...
Hang on a minute.
Jason Morrison.
Ginger boy. bit of a stoop.
[stutters]
Got a mole on his face like a Rice Krispy.
Not who is he. where is he?
Harringey's. tailor in town.
A tailor's.
[Dan] Yes. I'll do him.
I'll do that boy. can I do
him at lunchtime for you?
Eh. great.
I'll drop the details off.
Great.
How's um. Naomi?
She's gone.
Oh. Mr. Davies.
What are we gonna do with you?
You could take me in this cupboard
and we could have a go on each other
like coked up gay teenagers.
Yes. it's strange she left you.
-Big shock.
-Hmm.
Big shock!
Right. coffee time. I would say.
I would say it's go and
teach your class time.
I know.
I know that.
-Sure about this?
-Just go.
[pupils chattering]
[honking]
Quiet!
Sir?
Why are you wearing
jogging bottoms?
[honk]
Right. that's better.
Right. we're not doing
space mission today.
But sir... [clamoring]
While we're on the subject.
stop painting Maurice's face green.
it's bullying.
I don't mind. sir.
Shut up. you dweeb.
Right. quiet reading for you today.
Sir's got a pen...
[pupils clamoring]
All right. get into your space shuttles.
-Yes!
-I love space mission!
All right. where were we?
You were about to make
up a pointless lesson
off the top of your head.
-As usual.
-Shut it. Karen!
[pupils clamoring]
We were on the mysterious planet
about to butcher some alien scum!
All right.
Try to stay calm today.
all right. Dennis?
What planet were we on?
Toddcarty.
We were on Toddcarty. yes.
That is a very dangerous planet.
Right. we'd better take off.
Oh. so we no longer
need fuel from the mine?
What mine?
[all] The lizard mine!
Ah. Christ.
All right. we'll go to
the fucking lizard mine.
Don't blame me if you all get eaten.
[pupils gasp]
Yes.
Toddcarty.
[pupils exclaiming]
On the face!
[shouting]
[pupils screaming]
What is it. sir?
[gasps]
It's an invisibat!
A what?
They're the bats that
guard the lizard mine.
Is it like a bat that's invisible?
That's right. Bergerac.
And it's bitten me!
On the face!
[pupils exclaiming]
Sir. can we save you?
Yes.
You're gonna have to
boil my blood. guys.
[child] Oh my god.
With a laser!
[exclaiming]
Up my nose!
[screaming]
For god's sake.
I'll do it. sir.
[Dan] Yes.
You do it. Dennis.
I trust you.
-[shouting]
-[pupils screaming]
What on earth is going on in here?
Where is Mr. Davies?
It's all right. Miss Lipsey. I'm...
I'm here.
He's been bitten by an invisibat. miss.
Has he?
I'm rather afraid I have.
Yes.
And against all odds.
only a laser fired up his
nose can save him. Miss.
Well.
They do say that's how you
neutralize invisibat's venom.
Thank you.
If you recover. Mr. Davies.
here are the details of
your work experience visit.
Quite.
[exclaims]
[pupils screaming]
Tada!
Oh my god.
Yeah. boy!
Welcome to the relaunch.
Why have you written that on my wall?
It's a statement.
I told you to Hoover.
Well. then you
should've hired a cleaner
'cause I am an events manager.
This is insane.
You're insane.
It tells people the moment
they walk in the door.
"I'm a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer for the
tough urban streets."
It tells people. "No
matter what you've done.
I'm gonna get you off."
I'm not a lawyer!
-You are.
-I'm not!
I'm a financial adviser
and you are fucking mental!
-I'm the future!
-I want that taken off!
You just have to get used to it.
it's gonna turn the
whole business around.
-Oh!
-No. no. Mr...
-Oh god!
-Terribly sorry. Mr. Powell.
We've had vandals.
Please. why don't you just
come through to my office.
[Brian] I'll be right with you.
Damn teenagers.
[Mr. Harringey] It's so lovely
to have a member of the
in my humble shop.
You know. I've often dreamed
of being an educator myself.
Really?
Sadly. I've the reading age
of a three year old child.
I expect you want to know
how the lad's settling in.
Yeah.
He's a wonderful boy. Mr. Davies.
I mean. he's useless work-wise.
He's thick and he's got
what my old man would call
-spastic hands.
-[slurp]
Do you make trousers?
Oh. we do it all!
Your trousers. your shirts.
your suits. your cummerbunds.
And...
Well. how much would trousers be?
For yourself?
Oh. the cost of the material alone. sir.
Jason!
Go and get me a tape measure!
It's the long yellow thing
with the marks on it!
Oh. he's a good boy.
He's normal.
He's not into your rubber shorts.
your plastic fists. your glory holes.
You know what I mean.
Sort of.
Not really.
[whispering] The world
is full of perverts
and I really hate 'em.
We'll have you sorted
in no time. Mr. Davies.
[sniffling]
You said I was about
as much use as a crow.
A trained crow.
A brilliant. trained crow.
[sobbing]
Please don't cry.
What are you doing here?
I've just been to your office
to sort this mortgage nonsense out.
Pub's aren't for mortgages!
-Brian sacked me!
-I did not.
-Really?
-Well...
Thank you so much. Brian.
You are not going to regret this!
I'm gonna go to the bar.
Please. Jo. Jo. wait!
Oh god.
You should have never given her a job.
Now. my mortgage.
-I need to tell her.
-Mate!
I need to sort this.
I'm on the verge of
losing everything here.
Ok. Dan. let me spell this
out for you in clear terms.
Just tell me what I've gotta do.
You need
to not spend one penny.
Not one single penny
for twelve years.
After which time. you might.
depending on fluctuations
in the market.
be able to afford a house.
But...
But I need to start looking today.
It's on my plan.
[sighs] I'll start
looking at lenders tomorrow.
I've got these.
Didn't even have to pay for them.
A man did.
[exclaims]
-Let's go.
-Let's get these down us then.
both] Cheers
-Cheers!
-I'm not doing slammers.
I've got to be up at five with the kids.
I'm not doing getting drunk.
New York City!
[arcade machine whirring]
[crunch]
-[exclaims]
-[thud]
[mobile ringing]
Oh god.
I know. I know. I just...
Shhh. I know.
But listen. Emma. I
don't have any lessons.
All morning I don't have any lessons.
I'll be there by ten. I swear it.
I swear it.
Thank you.
[exhales]
[shop bell rings]
-Sir.
-Not now. Paul. I'm hungover.
It's Jason.
Yes!
Mr. Harringey. any joy?
Mr. Davies. three pairs all ready!
Just pop through to the dressing room.
Sir. sir.
What?
I've been here all night.
Should we call my mum?
Well. she hasn't found out. son.
Hasn't she?
Go get a man his trousers. son!
[Mr. Harringey] Go on. chop chop!
We haven't got all day!
[sighs]
What the fuck?
[Mr. Harringey] Is everything all right.
Mr. Davies?
It's fine.
Don't come in.
No. no. don't come in!
-Oh my good god!
-No!
Seriously...
I shoulda known!
A nance!
What?
Oh no!
They're my mum's!
I bet they're your mum's.
You stinking tranny!
Lock the shop. Jason.
[snip]
[thud]
[grunting]
[shop bell rings]
You little filthy Nancy boy!
[exhaling]
[playful music]
[heaves]
♪ Your own sorrow ♪
♪ In your eyes ♪
♪ There is no hope for tomorrow ♪
-I...
-Morning. Dan.
I've got trousers.
They're just at the shop.
And Brian says the mortgage will be fine.
he thinks it will be fine.
I just need to get hold of a light bulb.
[keys jangling]